ah can't believe we've never done this
before
so good so good for Monica oh look at
times up by time that was a half an hour
it's your timer you know I don't like to
brag about it
but I give like the best massages
alright then massage me up right nice so
good I don't know what I've done to
deserve it
say goodbye to sore muscles
goodbye muscles fine you she gives the
worst massages ever okay I was like she
was torturing me for information and I
wanted to give it up I just I didn't
know what it was but Chandler if it
really hurts that bad you should just
tell him look the first time in my life
I'm in a real relationship okay I'm not
gonna screw that up by you know telling
the truth you almost crushed my hair
and the bunny got away this would be the
place where you explain the Hat oh yeah
but this is play right and I'm up for
the part of this real cool like suave
international guy a real clothes horse
so I figure everyone at the audition is
gonna be wearing this kind of you know
all for hip high fashion stuff and
you're gonna make them all disappear
like you could find something as
sophisticated as this done if you want
to look good why you just come down to
the store I'll help you out
great thanks right sure God please take
those off
maybe you do seem a little tense
what are you talking about as a masseuse
and a human I'm begging you never do
that to anyone I give good massages used
to given to Rachel all the time before
she got allergic loves them watch I'm
sorry but you've been lying to me I
can't believe you do that well maybe you
just didn't want to hurt your feelings
but the minute we start to lie to each
other and by we I mean society hey it's
Rachel here no listen I just wanted to
apologize about this afternoon and the
whole massage thing you know I I'm
really like them please stop me we're
supposed to be honest with each other I
just wished you could tell me just say I
don't like your massages
I don't like your massages ski it's no
big deal now see you're crying crying
about that
crying but something that happened at
work what my boyfriend said he didn't
like my massages it's okay you don't
have to be the best at everything
okay you give the worst massages in the
world I'm crying okay you give the best
bad massages if anybody was looking for
the the best bad massage and they were
thinking themselves who's the best of
that they'd have to go to you huh so
you're saying that like if there was an
award for the best bad massage well who
would get that oh it would be you you
Monica and you get all the votes so
maybe they could don't call the award
the Monica absolutely okay
I suck yeah
you